0.5.0 release (#459)
packit-service/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.5.0

All the documentation was moved to our site: https://packit.dev/docs

## Features

* If you set up `fas_username` in your config, packit will perform kinit before
  doing an authenticated dist-git clone.
* You can now specify a koji target when building in koji using the `build`
  command.
* There is a new command `copr-build` which enables you to submit builds into
  Fedora COPR build system.

> * The config file how a new attribute called `create_pr` which tells packit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The config file now has a new attribute called `create_pr` which tells packit
```

  whether it should create pull requests in dist-git or push directly.
* `build` command now waits for the build to finish and has a `--nowait`.
* Packit now supports the most popular archive formats, not just .tar.gz
  (thanks to @FrNecas for contributing this feature)

> * Command `propose-update` can now push directly to dist-git.

Reviewer: Can we move this point next to the one describing `create_pr` attribute?

> * When doing a `propoes-update`, packit no longer does a 1:1 copy, instead it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When doing a `propose-update`, packit no longer does a 1:1 copy, instead it
```
